static Node reverse(Node head)
        {
            Node temp=head;
            Node newhead=null;
            while(temp!=null)
            {
                Node t=temp.next;
                temp.next=temp.prev;
                temp.prev=t;
                newhead=temp;
                temp=temp.prev;
            }
            return newhead;
        }
Explanation:-

Certainly! Here's a step-by-step explanation of how this reverse method works:

Steps in the Code
Initialization:

temp is set to head, starting the reversal process at the head of the list.
newHead is initially null and will ultimately store the new head of the reversed list.
Loop through each node:

The loop runs as long as temp is not null, processing each node one by one.
Swapping next and prev Pointers:

For the current node temp, we temporarily store temp.next in t to keep track of the next node in the original list order.
We then swap temp.next and temp.prev:
temp.next is set to temp.prev, making the previous node the "next" node in the reversed list.
temp.prev is set to t (which holds the original next node), so the node now points back to what was originally the "next" node.
Updating newHead:

newHead is updated to temp each time, ensuring that it points to the last non-null node processed in the loop. This node will become the head of the reversed list after the loop completes.
Advancing to the Next Node in the Original Order:

With next and prev swapped, we now move temp to temp.prev. This effectively moves temp to the next node in the original sequence (i.e., forward in the original list order).
End of Loop:

When temp becomes null, newHead points to the last node processed, which is the new head of the reversed list.
Example
Let’s take a small list with nodes 1 <-> 2 <-> 3.

Iteration 1 (temp is at 1):

t is set to 2 (original temp.next).
Swap: temp.next becomes null (original temp.prev), and temp.prev becomes 2.
newHead is updated to 1.
Move temp to temp.prev (node 2).
Iteration 2 (temp is at 2):

t is set to 3.
Swap: temp.next becomes 1, and temp.prev becomes 3.
newHead is updated to 2.
Move temp to temp.prev (node 3).
Iteration 3 (temp is at 3):

t is null (original temp.next).
Swap: temp.next becomes 2, and temp.prev becomes null.
newHead is updated to 3.
Move temp to temp.prev (now null).
The loop ends, and newHead points to 3, the new head of the reversed list 3 <-> 2 <-> 1.
